[Music]
7 months of
displacement and forced to flee yet
again the Israeli military is ordering
further evacuations in eastern Rafa but
as Palestinians try to
leave bombs are raining down leaving
people scrambling to find safety in Gaza
where every corner is a Target and no
life is
spared we are leaving because of our
fear and due to
we are leaving for the unknown and there
are no safe areas at all all the areas
left are insafe the United Nations says
about
150,000 Palestinians have left Eastern
Rafa Israel is forcing them towards what
it claims is a humanitarian Zone in
almasi Aid groups have described
conditions there as horrific but options
for desperate Palestinians are rapidly
diminishing they called us three times
and theor came and said get out quickly
they sent an evacuation order for the
entire area what should we do here do we
wait until we all die on top of each
other so we decided to leave it's better
as the Israeli military presses ahead
with its plans to launch a fulls scale
offensive in Rafa air strikes have been
unrelenting elsewhere bodies are piling
up in darl Bala in central Gaza another
area where many Palestinians have fled
but found no safety
here they are in pieces here is my
sister-in-law without a head my aunt
also without a head what is this
Injustice until when will this be going
on we're
exhausted the injured here have nowhere
else to go alaxa hospital the largest in
central Gaza is likely to run out of
fuel within hours Aid is critically low
with Israeli forces still blocking the
entry of trucks into the strip as
Palestinians trapped inside remain in a
cycle trying to evade death Julie dger
Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer